Last Updated: 11 August 2025

Welcome to the Bakery Growth Planner. These Terms and Conditions ("Terms") govern your use of the Bakery Growth Planner web application (the "Service") provided by Tristen Bayley ("I," "me," or "my"). By accessing or using the Service, you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms, then you may not access the Service.

1. Accounts

When you create an account, you must provide information that is accurate, complete, and current. Failure to do so constitutes a breach of the Terms, which may result in immediate termination of your account.

You are responsible for safeguarding the password that you use to access the Service and for any activities or actions under your password.

You agree not to disclose your password to any third party. You must notify me immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.

2. Use of the Service

You agree to use the Service only for its intended purpose: to create, manage, and review 30-60-90 day growth plans. You agree not to use the Service:

For any unlawful purpose or to solicit others to perform unlawful acts.

To infringe upon my intellectual property rights or the rights of others.

To submit false or misleading information.

To upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code.

3. Content and Intellectual Property

The Service and its original content (excluding content provided by you), features, and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of Tristen Bayley. The Service is protected by copyright and other laws of the United Kingdom.

My Service allows you to post and store information ("Content"). You are responsible for the Content that you post to the Service, including its legality and appropriateness.

You retain all of your rights to any Content you submit, and you are responsible for protecting those rights. By using the service, you grant me a limited license to store, process, and display your Content solely for the purpose of providing the Service to you.

4. Termination

I may terminate or suspend your account immediately, without prior notice or liability, if you breach the Terms. Upon termination, your right to use the Service will immediately cease.

5. Disclaimer of Warranties; Limitation of Liability

The Service is provided on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis. While I strive for a high level of service availability and security, I do not guarantee that your use of the service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free.

In no case shall Tristen Bayley be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, or consequential damages of any kind, including, without limitation lost profits, lost revenue, or loss of data, arising from your use of the Service.

6. Governing Law

These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales.

7. Changes to Terms

I reserve the right to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material, I will provide at least 30 days' notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at my sole discretion.

8. Contact Me

If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact me at tristen_bayley@gailsbread.co.uk.
